welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're following up on the outcome of the
rage virus pandemic with 28 weeks later
if in watching these events you feel
yourself called to become a member of
the renner nation
consider subscribing to the channel
let's get to it
[Music]
we open on a couple attempting to thrive
in their minimalist survival situation
we learn they're worried about their
children sent off before this whole
thing happened
and considering the possibility of
making more
until sally tries to get in on it
because sally is a freak
this is actually a small survivor's
commune preparing to break bread when
they're interrupted by an insistent
knock at the door
it's a small panicked boy who they let
in and as they try to ascertain if he's
cool or not
his pursuers attempt to help themselves
to some pasta the house explodes into a
cacophony of violence with everyone
attempting to retreat to the fallback
point
unfortunately jacob is the only one who
makes it to the barn loft
and alice having run upstairs to save
the boy gets split off from don
whose courage then wanes and he opts to
focus on his post-pandemic rebuilding
plans he gives one last longing look
toward the window before saying goodbye
forever
in his heart and makes for the dock
where he's happy to see jacob has gotten
the boat warmed up for him he climbs
over jacob's back to get in and
unsurprisingly ends up being the only
one in the boat as it floats on down the
river
through a sequence of informational
cards we learned these events were part
of the early stages of the breakout the
infected starved out after about five
weeks and we're revisiting london four
weeks after reconstruction began
we learned the efforts are proceeding
under the watchful eyes of nato forces
charged with the protection and
processing of repatriated citizens
as tammy and andy make their way to a
small island that's been cleared for use
we learn these are don's children and
despite their excitement about their new
penthouse
they immediately inquire about what
happened to their mom so don tells them
the story which is
sparse and details and rich in lies
meanwhile we learn a little bit about
the backbone of the encampment the
epidemiologist
scarlett has concerns about introducing
children and the possibility of a new
outbreak but stone their stoic leader
has a fail-safe plan
if it comes back we kill it with guns he
says as he suffers in involuntary
ejaculation
and the residents go to sleep as the
snipers look on practicing their aim and
voyeurism the next morning the kids
almost immediately make the decision to
solid snake their way into the kill zone
while they don't get past
doyle's watchful eye they do gallivant
around piles of biological waste
and fine transport riding deep into the
city until arriving at their as of yet
uncleared home having not been debriefed
on what quarantine is they start
gathering items to bring back with
them but andy gets bored quickly and
goes snooping around
eventually stumbling upon his now feral
mother who acts only
halfway crazy and is scooped up when the
military catches up with them back at
camp don is relieved to hear his kids
have been retrieved
but he makes a huge batch of trouser
chili when he hears his wife came back
with them that evening scarlett
discovers that alice is a carrier but
shows no symptoms
possibly due to a genetic abnormality
she argues with stone about running
tests and learning versus shooting and
exterminating this decision is made for
them when don uses his universal
janitorial access to make amends for his
greatest shame
alice forgives don sloppily and he
unwittingly becomes patient 0.1
ravaging alice and as many men as he can
find when stone discovers someone's
beaten him to the killing
he jealously calls in a code red
unfortunately word never makes it to the
private guarding the kids
so after he wanders off briefly they get
a sort of disney 4d pandemic experience
scarlet frees them and tries to get them
out of the general population but andy's
small stature is an extreme disadvantage
and he floats away in the crowd
the civilians are put in an
all-or-nothing situation herded into a
confined space for their own good and
then discovering that the soldiers left
the back door unlocked the virus spreads
quickly as andy dips into the air duct
and herd busts through the chains which
they find to be an easy task when
teamwork is employed
topside they do their best to
distinguish targets from civilians but
stone gives them an assist by declaring
everyone on ground level a target doyle
ends up hitting his moral limit after
gunning down about a dozen civilians and
he rolls into a survivor hideaway where
tammy andy and scarlet have reunited and
leads them to safety while
hoping no one saw what he did on the
roof he makes contact with his buddy
flynn who confirms firebombs are
incoming
so their first task for survival is
getting out of district 1. their ranks
are almost immediately thinned out but
after some quick draw sniping by doyle
they make it over the gate and walk away
slowly as the city explodes behind them
although the problem is not completely
eradicated at the rendezvous point
scarlett takes a moment to impress upon
doyle the importance of the children
it's likely that at least one of them
took on their mother's genetic mutation
and they need to study their blood for a
possible future cure
flynn confirms he's on the way but warns
that a herd of infected looking for a
turn on the merry-go-round
happen to be converging on their
location however we learn this is a
problem easily solved if you have a
rotocopter you can use as a human weed
whacker flynn then pulls back to extract
them from the stadium and recommends
doyle ditch the filthy civilians along
the way
as they proceed through town they take
cover in a car as gas clouds roll
through and are forced to take risky
measures to get the vehicle started
and this my friends unfortunately is
where renner the greatest avenger
taps out scarlett steers him around the
clouds of gas eventually taking cover in
the subway
here they find themselves forced to make
their way in the dark using the night
vision for direction as they trot upon
innumerable corpses
they all fall down the stairs and
scatter in the confusion before don
shows back up he eliminates scarlet and
then expresses his fatherly love by
taking a nibble from andy before tami
puts him down like
a dog in an attempt to protect his
sister andy runs off to live with the
chuds
but doesn't make it far before
collapsing they discover his immunity
but with scarlet dead they have no idea
what to do with this information
and when they arrive at the stadium
flynn seems to decide that if everyone
else died to protect these kids well
damn it maybe he will too and they all
fly off together 28 days later an
outbreak begins in paris
[Music]
unfortunately we never get to see what
the rest of the european continent did
to handle the outbreak
leaving us with just one question to
answer do rage infected humans count as
zombies
if you enjoyed the video i'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching